## Perception-Based Evaluation of Projection Methods for Multidimensional Data Visualization
[paper](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6832613/)

### OVERVIEW
This paper describes the results of an investigation on the performance of layouts generated by projection techniques as perceived
by their users. The authors conducted a controlled user study to test against the the hypotheses that
* projection performance is task-dependent; 
* certain projections perform better on certain types of tasks;
* projection performance depends on the nature of the data; 
* subjects prefer projections with good segregation capability. 

They generated layouts of high-dimensional data with five techniques representative of different projection approaches. Statistical analysis of the collected data resulted in Hypotheses 1 and 3 being confirmed, Hypothesis 2 being confirmed partially and Hypotheses 4 could not be confirmed. The results offer interesting insight on the use of projection layouts in data visualization tasks and provide a departing point for further systematic investigations.

### Three Things I liked about this paper:
* The design of the controlled study is reasonable to evaluate how subjects perceive multidimensional data projection layouts.
* The findings are useful to analysts selecting from projection techniques to perform specific visualization tasks on data sets of a particular type.
* The result of experiment is convincing with vivid exhibit tables, figures and visualizations.


### Three Things need to be changed:
* The expeiment should be extended by investigating more data sets and data with other characteristics.
* It mentioned many related work which were done before, but the explaination of how this paper improves the previous work is not that clear.
* The exploration which perception rules apply and influence the outcome should be included to guide people better design the visulization. 

